Update user and server count (#279)
Androz2091/AtlantaBot: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-donate-orange.svg)](https://www.patreon.com/androz2091)
[![](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/Androz2091/AtlantaBot/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/Androz2091/AtlantaBot)

> > This bot is used by more than 130K Discord users and more than 700 servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This bot is used by more than 130,000 Discord users and more than 700 servers.
```
